---
title: Hexaco
subtitle: Backend Developer · Dec 2018 - Aug 2021 · 2 yrs 9 mos
publishDate: 2023-06-26 00:00:00
img: /assets/work-experiences/hexaco.png
img_alt: Hexaco logo 
description: |
  As a backend developer in Hexaco, I built, extended and maintened a SaaS related to health insurance plans.
tags:
  - Node.JS
  - Loopback
  - Sails.JS
  - MySQL
---

> [Hexaco](https://www.linkedin.com/company/hexaco/about/) is a 360° web agency with main focus on IT Services and IT Consulting

During my time at Hexaco, I was part of a development team engaged in building a SaaS related to health insurance plans. 

The product was designed to help users find the best health insurance plan for their needs. 

Our main client [AOC](https://www.aoc-insurancebroker.com/), a well kwnown insurance broker in France, that help expatriates and travellers compare the best international health insurance plans for expatriates around the world.

##### My role at Hexaco
Backend Developer

December 2018 to August 2021 · 2 yrs 9 mos

##### My work at Hexaco
As a developer for a SaaS company in the insurance industry, my main focus has been on developing and maintaining a life insurance comparison tool for individuals, families, and professionals. 

##### Responsibilities during my work
- Adaptive Comparisons
    - Developed a product capable of customizing comparisons based on customer needs, utilizing an Excel spreadsheet upload to specify insurer rules, coverage amounts, types, durations, and more.
- AOC Rewards Program
    - Launched a loyalty program where users can earn and redeem points for insurance plans or items at partnered stores.
- Legacy Development Consolidation
    - Started with two separate projects for individuals and businesses and consolidated the business logic into a single project to enhance maintenance and deployment efficiency.

##### Additionally at Hexaco I also
Built a API Rest for a particular client, that was used to manage the content of a website, Innerfire.

Innerfire is a not-for-profit publishing platform about consciousness. It offers its audience with
content on a different set of consciousness related topics. Content is generated by the Innerfire
community.

Responsibilities:
- Login system development
- User panel implementation
- Article creation feature
- Email system integration

##### Some of the tools I frequently utilized in my day-to-day work
- Node.JS, Express, Loopback 3, Sails.JS, Swagger
- MySQL, Views, Store Procedures, MongoDB
- Mailchimp, CSV Parser, PDF Generator
- Passport (middleware for authentication) 
- Firebase Cloud Messaging
